README.md, before:

# YoloX OpenCV Processing System

![YoloX OpenCV Processing System](output/output.png)

This is a small C++ video processing project. It uses gRPC and OpenCV to run YOLO models for object detection.

Docs: [https://stolyarchuk.github.io/aa-video/](https://stolyarchuk.github.io/aa-video/)

## What it does

- Runs YOLO-style models (YOLOv7/10/11, YOLOX) via OpenCV DNN.
- Serves detection over gRPC to clients.
- Filters detections with polygon zones (include/exclude, priorities).
- Uses RAII and bounds checks for safer code.

## Quick start

Requirements: CMake 3.20+, a C++23 compiler, OpenCV with DNN, protobuf & gRPC libraries.

Build (debug):

```bash
cmake -B build -S . -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug
cmake --build build
```

Run the server with a model:

```bash
./build/server/detector_server --model=./models/yolox_s.onnx --verbose=true
```

Run the client (example):

```bash
./build/client/detector_client --input=input/000000039769.jpg --verbose=true
```

Run tests:

```bash
cmake --build build --target test
ctest --test-dir build --output-on-failure
```

## Polygons and filtering

- Inclusion zones: detect only listed classes inside them.
- Exclusion zones: block detections inside them.
- Priority: higher-priority polygons win in overlaps.
- Per-polygon class lists and coordinate scaling are supported.

See the docs for full examples and config format.

## Notes

- Expected CPU inference time: ~100–200 ms per frame (depends on model and CPU).
- Minimum: 4 GB RAM, 2 cores. More is better.

## Development

- Follow Google C++ style and C++23 idioms.
- Tests use Google Test.
- Use the provided devcontainer for a consistent environment.

## License

MIT — see the `LICENSE` file.

## Links

- Docs: [Docs](https://stolyarchuk.github.io/aa-video/)
- Issues: [Issues](https://github.com/stolyarchuk/aa-video/issues)

Commit message:

fix: Update README for clarity and consistency in project description Improved the project description and quick start instructions in the README. Standardized terminology and enhanced clarity for better understanding of the project's purpose and setup requirements. [no ci]

README.md, after:

# aa-video

![output image](output/output.png)

A small C++ project for object detection using YOLO models and OpenCV.
It uses gRPC for client-server communication.

Full docs: [Complete docs](https://stolyarchuk.github.io/aa-video/)

## What it does

- Runs YOLO models (.onnx) with OpenCV DNN.
- Serves detection results over gRPC.
- Supports polygon-based include/exclude zones with priorities.
- Provides tests and basic CI integration.

## Quick start

You need CMake, a C++23 compiler, OpenCV, gRPC, and protobuf.

Configure and build (debug):

```bash
cmake -B build -S . -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug
cmake --build build
```

Run the server with a model:

```bash
./build/server/detector_server --model=./models/yolox_s.onnx --verbose=true
```

Run the client on an image:

```bash
./build/client/detector_client --input=input/000000039769.jpg --verbose=true
```

Run tests:

```bash
cmake --build build --target test
ctest --test-dir build --output-on-failure
```

## Project layout

- `client/` - client app
- `server/` - server app and inference code
- `shared/` - proto and shared code
- `models/` - sample models
- `tests/` - unit tests

## Notes

- The code targets C++23 and follows Google style rules.
- Polygon filtering, NMS, and coordinate scaling are implemented.
- See the docs link above for detailed guides and API reference.

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. Follow the repo's contribution guide.

## License

MIT. See the `LICENSE` file.
